Metadata.md, before:

# Presentation metadata

## `title`

Values: string
Default: ''

This will be used, for example, in the
`<head><title>...</title></head>` element but might also be used for
other things like Facebook's OpenGraph or Twitter card metadata.

## `desc`

Values: string
Default: None

This will be used, for example, in a `<meta
name="description">...</meta>` element but might also be used for
other things like Facebook's OpenGraph or Twitter card metadata.

## `favicon`

Values: url
Default: None

This will be used to associate a favicon with the presentation

## `authors`

Values: array
Default: []

TBD (should this be an array of objects or just use some kind of canonical string
format like "Michael M. Tiller <michael.tiller@gmail.com>"???

## `url`

Values: url
Default: None

Used to populate metadata like Facebook's OpenGraph and Twitter cards.

## `image`

Values: url
Default: None

Used to populate metadata like Facebook's OpenGraph and Twitter cards.

## `math`

Values: `true` | `false`
Default: `true`

If `true`, MathJax is included in generated HTML.

## `engine`

Values: `flowtime`
Default: `flowtime`

Determines which rendering engine is used.

## `draft`

Values: `true` | `false`
Default: `false`

Used to toggle additional information useful during the editing of the presentation.

## `static_path`

Values: a directory name
Default: `static`

Indicates where static resources associated with the presentation are
stored.  These files will be copied into the output directory.

## `styles`

Values: A list of style files
Default: []

These files will be copied, just like the contents of `static_path`
but they will **also** be added as CSS files in any generated HTML.

## `scripts`

Values: A list of script files
Default: []

These files will be copied, just like the contents of `static_path`
but they will **also** be added as Javascript files in any generated
HTML.

# Section metadata

# Slide metadata

Commit message:

This adds clicker support to Cadeau
In response to issue #17, I've added clicker support.  This really meant adding it
to Flowtime (which I did, and submitted as a pull request to make sure it gets
incorporated upstream).  This commit adds the updated flowtime.js as well as
including some metadata to control clicker support.

I've made clicker support on by default simply because it only impacts behavior
I never used before in Flowtime.

This closes #17.

Metadata.md, after:

# Presentation metadata

## `title`

Values: string
Default: ''

This will be used, for example, in the
`<head><title>...</title></head>` element but might also be used for
other things like Facebook's OpenGraph or Twitter card metadata.

## `desc`

Values: string
Default: None

This will be used, for example, in a `<meta
name="description">...</meta>` element but might also be used for
other things like Facebook's OpenGraph or Twitter card metadata.

## `favicon`

Values: url
Default: None

This will be used to associate a favicon with the presentation

## `authors`

Values: array
Default: []

TBD (should this be an array of objects or just use some kind of canonical string
format like "Michael M. Tiller <michael.tiller@gmail.com>"???

## `url`

Values: url
Default: None

Used to populate metadata like Facebook's OpenGraph and Twitter cards.

## `image`

Values: url
Default: None

Used to populate metadata like Facebook's OpenGraph and Twitter cards.

## `math`

Values: `true` | `false`
Default: `true`

If `true`, MathJax is included in generated HTML.

## `engine`

Values: `flowtime`
Default: `flowtime`

Determines which rendering engine is used.

## `draft`

Values: `true` | `false`
Default: `false`

Used to toggle additional information useful during the editing of the presentation.

## `static_path`

Values: a directory name
Default: `static`

Indicates where static resources associated with the presentation are
stored.  These files will be copied into the output directory.

## `styles`

Values: A list of style files
Default: []

These files will be copied, just like the contents of `static_path`
but they will **also** be added as CSS files in any generated HTML.

## `scripts`

Values: A list of script files
Default: []

These files will be copied, just like the contents of `static_path`
but they will **also** be added as Javascript files in any generated
HTML.

## `clicker`

Values: true | false
Default: true

Indicates whether the presentation should be compatible with "presenter"
devices like the Logitech R400.

# Section metadata

# Slide metadata
